Sean: In November 2014, I made a video about free software and did some video editing
And then erm people have said "Since would you ever go back to video editing with free software?"
And erm I tried and failed miserably but I found that Rob is doing editing on free software
Sean: So Rob what have you got?
Rob: Erm well so I before I started my channel. I'd never edited a video at all.
Erm so I just got started with KDEnlive. Is it K D E n live? I don't know how to pronounce it.
Sean: I said KDEnlive cause this is the piece of software I used actually
Rob: Oh right and that's kinda why I used it
Because I hadn't gotten into open source video editing before. I heard it was fairly good the one you used. So I went for that
Sean: How does it work?
Rob: So that's a video that I just ehm just uploaded recently
Which is fairly typical
No, I think it's quite standard but on the other hand
I have no idea because I'd never done video editing before
Sean: Well for my (some word, please complete) that looks like a very sensible looking timeline
So you're using different tracks for different things